# Testar-test
The goal of this document is to make the transfer development of the reporting pages to the next developer. To make this go as smoothly as possible in this document the reporting pages that still have to be developed. During this graduation assignment there has been a design and code prototype developed for these reporting pages. In this document the results of this graduation assignment and links to the results can be found. 
The code prototype is based on the html reports generated by the Testar application with JavaScript and CSS adaptation. This can be found at: https://github.com/Josekappert1993/testar-test This GitHub repository will be updated until 28 of January.

# Research conclusion
As a conclusion to the research the main question of this research report “How do we best display the (UI) test data by means of reporting?” can be answered. Based on this research it can be determent that based on the responses of the target group most of them agree that the representation of the reports that is more in line with the rest of the application. It is currently not possible to show the shortest path but it is a path a following project can focus on. Currently it is not yet possible to display the this. It is currently possible to display the complete route to reach an Oracle. 

# Design prototype
The design prototype can be found at: https://xd.adobe.com/view/abf65e29-c4a3-4ac4-8bdb-3b9d9782bf33-fea5/ 

# Code prototype
In this prototype the report is adapted to fit to the style of the rest of the application using only CSS and JavaScript. This is to make it possible to add to every iteration report that is generated. This will be updated up until the 28th of January and can be found on at https://github.com/Josekappert1993/testar-test
